Sync favorites from ListenBrainz to Jellyfin (#80)
lyarenei/jellyfin-plugin-listenbrainz: doc/how-it-works.md

When using MSID for the sync, the plugin tries to find the correct MSID at exponential intervals, up to 4 attempts
(around 10 minutes). If the MSID is still not found, then the sync is cancelled.

> For the reverse direction, only a manual task is available at this moment. The current limitations make it impractical
> to use as regular task. For reference, a library of approx. 4000 tracks takes around 70 minutes to complete (multiply 
> by number of configured users). This is due to unavailability of recording MBIDs, which are required for the match - as 
> that's only what ListenBrainz provides.

Author: ```suggestion
For the reverse direction (ListenBrainz -> Jellyfin), only a manual task is available at this moment. This is because of an absence of recording MBIDs which make matching MBIDs to tracks a very expensive operation (in terms of time) and so it is impractical to run this sync regularly.

For reference, a library of approx. 4000 tracks takes around 70 minutes to complete (and this is multiplied  
by number of users which have favorite syncing enabled).
```
